config: update documentation (#1525)
test-network-function/cnf-certification-test: docs/configuration.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable code-block-style line-length no-bare-urls -->
# CNF Certification configuration

> The CNF Certification is configured to certify a specific CNF workload using a YAML config file, in which the CNF resources as well as some particular exceptions and other general config options can be set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CNF Certification Test uses a YAML configuration file to certify a specific CNF workload. This file specifies the CNF resources to be certified, as well as any exceptions or other general configuration options.
```

Reviewer: Just a slight reword possibly?

Author: Sure, thanks.
